this is the worst idea ever hey how's it
going guys this is Dave Judy and this is
a video on which MacBook to purchase in
early 2017 now obviously a MacBook isn't
the right laptop for every single person
out there but if you've decided to pick
one up for other school because it needs
one for a particular application or we
just want to get into the Apple
ecosystem this video is for you so I'm
just going to get right into it the
first thing I want to mention are the
common traits between Apple laptops the
first is build quality I know some
people might disagree but really no one
builds them better some companies are
closed like razor and Dell they make
some really good stuff Lenovo also has
some nice carbon fiber laptops but the
build quality on Apple's laptops are the
best in the business
the second thing are trackpads apples
really the king of trackpads and they
came out with a glass trackpad in like
2008 for the unibody MacBook they were
already really good and they've just
been getting better ever since the third
thing is that Apple laptops are
expensive it doesn't matter how you spin
it for every single MacBook here there
is a cheaper Windows laptop that
provides a pretty similar experience now
whether or not it's overpriced really
depends on your budget and what you're
kind of looking for what you value in a
laptop but in general you're paying a
premium for the Apple brand and in some
cases like the models with newer tech
the premium is even bigger okay first up
we have the MacBook Air this is the
oldest model in the lineup here starts
at $1000 it's also the cheapest one on
the menu the battery life is incredibly
long part of that comes from having a
low res screen it's 1440 by 900 and then
having a relatively slow processor helps
as well giving a full 12 hours of
regular use it's also one of the last
Apple laptops that has the classically
awesome keyboard MagSafe regular USB
ports and an SD card slot there's a lot
of stuff that they do right on this
thing the display however is by far its
worst feature comparing the screen to
other laptops in 2017 makes it look
really pixelated and the speaker is also
pretty terrible so here's the deal with
the 13-inch MacBook Air you're not
getting any fluff you don't get any
fancy stuff but you're getting a very
functional computer with great battery
life and I mean the speaker is not great
the screen certainly isn't good but if
you just want to get stuff done you
don't care about multimedia too much
this
they'll be really good fit next up is
the 12-inch MacBook Pro you get amazing
portability with this one and that's
what you're paying for is super light
super spin with a surprisingly good
number of high-end features the screen
is great high-res bright color accurate
speakers are phenomenal but the CPU
performance is weak weaker than the
MacBook Air it's fanless so it's always
solid and you let's do light computer
tasks like emails web browsing or media
consumption but if your work or your
regular computer happens to require
something a little bit more powerful I
wouldn't get this one a couple of other
disadvantages the notorious single port
it's a USB 3.1 type-c not son about
three so if you're someone who
frequently uses USB devices this isn't
the best choice the keyboard is also not
the best it's the first generation
butterfly switches and I'm sure they'll
update this soon but if you use it
enough you'll get used to it and it's
not like the worst keyboard so who is
this for well if your light user and
portability is really important to you
then yeah this can be a pretty good
option okay I don't even have the older
2015 13 inch MacBook Pro here Apple
still sells it I really don't recommend
buying it at least not new it has a good
selection of ports and the hardware
features are solid but it's just priced
really high it's only $200 less than the
new 13-inch base model but it comes with
128 gigs of storage which is anemic for
2017 and the moment you upgrade that to
a more usable 256 then you're at the
price of that new 13-inch base model
without the touch charge so yeah there's
no real compelling reason to purchase it
now if low res screens and Core M
processors are deal-breakers we have the
new 13-inch MacBook Pro without the
touch bar the feature set is pretty rich
decent CPU and sell a GPU fantastic
screen and speakers uses butterfly
switches again but this is the
second-generation key travel is still
short but the mechanism feels a lot
better than the first generation the
biggest thing I don't like is the number
of ports if you're plugged into power
you only have a single Thunderbolt 3
port to work with the processor can
turbo up but the base clock is slower I
think a lot of people will overlook this
device because it doesn't have the new
touch bar if you don't need a lot of use
B ports the processing power here is
more than sufficient for most
application
and the pricing isn't too bad then we
have the 13-inch MacBook with the touch
bar it's significantly more expensive
paper specs are quite a bit better base
clock is faster at a graphics card
faster RAM and a couple more ports which
is nice but the big feature is a touch
bar it's fun and provides some
occasional functionality but I'm still
not convinced of its practicality and I
said this from a review but it boils
down to usage any time you have a really
functional or feature-rich touch bar
menu you have to look down at it to use
it and this breaks focus from the screen
I don't like that overall it's a good
device and it's packin some strong
hardware the issue here though is
pricing you're looking at eighteen
hundred dollars for a two core CPU
there's nothing wrong with dual core
CPUs but at this price point you can get
some really high-end quad core thin and
light Windows laptops but if you want
that touch bar experience and you have
the budget for it this is the least
expensive way in okay next up is the
15-inch MacBook Pro with the touch bar
this is their flagship model the Radeon
pro graphics are a nice bump up from the
previous generation is nice and if you
really want that 15-inch screen with a
touch bar and you're comfortable
dropping three or four K on one then go
for it same stuff supplies though with
that touch bar super cool but not super
functional for most users and like the
other 2016 MacBook Pros the display is
awesome vibrant and sharp still not a 4k
display but I'm comfortable editing 4k
videos with it the brightness of these
screens is awesome if you work in bright
environments frequently and you need a
really bright screen you'll really like
these ones speakers are also step up
from the older generation but the
pricing was really steep and if you're
on the fence because of the price tag
don't forget the 2015 MacBook Pro so you
can't purchase these new from Apple
anymore you can get them refurbished or
used it's still a great device and we
just want a 15-inch screen MacBook or
the quad-core processor you can save a
pretty sizable chunk of money going with
the 2015 model the difference in weight
is noticeable the new one is easier to
hold but the difference in performance
is negligible for the most part for
applications that are more GB dependent
like using final cuts or gaming and Mac
OS or we just really want that touch bar
experience then sure go for the 2016
model but for most people the 2015 model
is still an excellent option
you get MagSafe longer battery life in
my opinion a better keyboard and a ton
of ports you don't need to live that
down to life in case you're interested
here are some comparative benchmarks the
difference in the bars is kind of
deceptive these CPUs and GPUs get to
flex pretty hard on benchmark tests but
in terms of actual use like just how it
feels when you're using it there is a
difference there's just not as big as
these graphs would suggest fan noise
across the board is actually pretty
similar except for the famous model and
the thermal output is also proportional
the quad-core CPU is going to push out
more heat battery life on MacBooks tend
to be good here's the spread the 2016
MacBook Pros had some inconsistent
battery life numbers at launched but
even resolve for the most part one last
thing the current generation of mac
books are running skylight chips that's
the sixth generation the sixth
generation of chips from Intel there's a
new set of chips called KB like that's
just around the corner I mean they are
available on Windows laptops already
they will be coming into MacBook
soon so I'd say the middle of 2017 is
when they're probably going to do a
refresh if you're thinking of waiting I
mean it never hurts to wait for
technology if you don't need something
right now but if you do if you need a
laptop today or just some early 2017
don't worry too much that KB wake
upgrade is pretty incremental there are
more power efficient and they have the
ability to perform some media encoding
and decoding through hardware it's all
related to power efficiency so battery
life will be a little bit better
performance though will be really
similar maybe a little bit snappier with
the new speed shifts tech but it's
pretty minor it's a big thing that was
at the 15-inch MacBook Pro should now be
able to support 32 gigs of ram which is
nice keep in mind though a lot of people
want that 32 gigs of ram because it's a
bigger number bigger is better but just
try to remember what you're doing get a
meter measure how much ram you're
actually using very few people are going
to make use of that 32 gigs of ram so
don't just upgrade that for the sake of
having 32 gigs of ram because it won't
be cheap that's the end of this video if
you're wandering the laptops were all
wrapped in different skins from dbrand
there's a link down below I hope this
video was helpful some to be liked it
subs if you loved it it's been nice I'll
see you guys next time
[Music]